Sort of start working with the other ship and so on that we have set up you can see we come North America
and the regions are Canada and Mexico.
So let's get here on Mary and from here we're going to have on the flat rate so will flat rate and other
sheet metal.
So that's it.
And maybe you want to have $20 in the case that we have some clients from Mexico or Canada because sending
probes to those countries is more expensive if we're living in the United States.
So remember the codes that I showed you previously you can have quantity to charge 20 times the quantity
of the product or you can also add the cost.
The cost of the current times a percentage of something in my case rental at any say changes and you
can see we have flat rate.
So that's up in or check out relo and you can see we have United States and we have flat rate one day
in free shipping.
So maybe that's where we change the country to Canada.
Now you can see we had flat rate of 20 in knots and we made the change to Mexico.
We are going to have the same result flat rate 20 that's fine.
So let's say that we want to buy something from a country that say that you don't lead right here.
You can see that there are more shipping methods.
So that's nice.
You can see the power of shipping sands and shipping methods and how you can charge different prices
if your clients are from different countries.
So the next we were going out the price for the rest of the war we're going to use these location not
covers by your songs in the mix media.